He has been taken away by the Song family
I guess the Song family will never let him show up again
Let them Song Family dare not
Your dad has run away
If anything happens to you, tell the old man to shut up
You said never to bring that up again
boss
Unexpectedly, the young master of the Shen family also has a love brain
But may I kindly remind you?
Don't deceive the fake anymore.
Just wait.
After all, you've been in love with your Muse for ten years
Keep learning from others
It's so unfair to him.
I'm afraid to learn from him
Can't accept this result
So save me
It's also because I'm too much like that person, isn't it?
I lied to him for so long
I just don't want him to feel
I'm here to repay you.
I don't want our feelings
Misunderstood by him
Mr. Chen has come to Yuncheng
What? No
Can't come to meet Xu Xi
It's too late, old man, he's already downstairs